Oh, you said that the white manufacturers She came, she told my cast issues. I want to be there at 7 o'clock to go to community meeting. so Mike is there at 7. 15. He says.
I wonder where she is He says I get up I wasn't playing the company until 8, and here I am early.
So she comes in. she's I apologize for being late Yeah, she's.
I forgot we might have to scrape windows out here because she was Mark, and saw, because she went into the community afterwards.
She hasn't been a good boy I bought 4 or 5 pairs of the new pants before I left, and had a shortened. She says I didn't bother to try one before I left, so she's all of them are
not short enough. she's, these, are the shorter ones, and they're about 2 inches due, and then she bought bought a brand new out of shit case, and yesterday was the first day she used it put a bunch of stuff for him
to read, went home last night and couldn't get it open the lock would not open It's just I don't think it came with a cane.
It's just a key and it's this beautiful out of sheet leather.
Whether she watches before she left. you couldn't get it open, So Mike tried, and he couldn't get it, and he says, don't worry.
I says we'll get more of the maintenance but I said they can fix anything, kill what they can't think of.
Well that's what I told her I said kids could probably have it out in 35 s. she's I know we won't miss you 10 min, so I don't come over Bill comes up with this Let me add to a man or whatever it
is 2 min. He had a done she can't use it now.
Well, she says she has to really look and he came with a strap, too.
She's maybe on the strap there is a key she doesn't even bother.
She just likes it with the handle about the shoulder strap, so it has not been a good day.
My pants didn't fit issues the 2 lunches I hate them.
They work kind of long under shoes, and we were kidnapped just by real high heels.
And then you would have to have a really shortened ernest She keys wouldn't well first end of the windshield.
Wipers need a white, and and then they add a shift kitchen.
This is not a good morning, he says. well this is your second day of work, and it goes downhill from there. I used to stick to Peggy the blankets off my car this morning. I told me that again.
They were still. they're frozen over that thin just that foggy stuff, and i'm like, Oh, my God, why didn't you go work out this way?
My lantern. kind of store this morning. you don't mind that actually, that's really not good. i'm in there tomorrow. But I just think I don't want to If I did pull something I don did you take the
Tylenol like I told you to yesterday, I, Dixon, this morning.
Then, just to make, I think, you know, and you might be just a bug.
That kind of a fluent contact. Thank you, Jenny.
Is that funny? She went home today, and a lot of people have had, you know, like fox pollen.
In fact, after she's started, just having this kind of just not feeling no well in such a near effect, she went in.
She did a science infection garris antibiotics.
She's at least like it over at then, yeah you know, I think it just might have been sent around. But yeah, and that was the weirdest thing.
That's what I did all day today. I had 3 or 4 different kids come up and played it nasal sinus problems.
Servington went about their docks, came on and wrote another order, and called Bruce, and these ongoing flu things.
Bruce wanted to go hunting today. Every kind of promises you're not getting out here early, and then finally told me.
He says he wasn't going today with mike income Mike left early.
In fact, I Didn't, leave until 4 o'clock and they came with the copy of machine so much for getting out on time on Friday.
Well, then, I said, Paul, I can stay mommy because I was new anything, and we didn't do anything all day long. pretty much.
It was cool we had customer. Can you sell them in that soup just to try it. I tried It's really spicy.
Dad doesn't cut up his onions as smooth as I do, and I think when I made it, I use my salsa, not his salsa, and when the chili powder says 2 to 4 teaspoons
I probably used 2. He used the pour so it's real. it'll open up your sinuses.
I like the audience. I just want to try it and also try a couple spoonful, and I think i'll only cook it for about another half hour, and then i'll turn it on because we had customer appreciation.
As we had hot dogs, and the other retirees come and they're really nice ladies, and we got corsages for them and stuff, and they really like that.
And I just told me the last year you guys could do this with the merger.
We're like, Yeah, probably. but they were really nice and we had hot that I sat a hot down for lunch doesn't even go. Why was it like that guy?
Why waste money on hot dog when I alright i'm going to do the hard minds I told them, and first one kind of takes it pretty good, but they didn't have the other one.
It was like Whoa! you don't like hot dogs that well, and then we had cake.
We had a caricate from Costa that carries even that chocolate with a cream filling.
So it's not real sweet at all it's more like a butter cream kind of thing, and then mids and that design that those cash shoes I have more data than I come here while we come along though and then it's kind
of Nice. Why does I do anything all day? We opened the Annex yesterday.
So yesterday was fine. Well, you have to do it was a mess because you're trying to move all the kids's lungs, and then all of our paperwork that has to do all of it over there.
Well, then we moved some of them over them. We were wondering about staffing as we move 2 of them back 4 kids. so.
But then, today I was the only nurse so that takes I mean when you're used to doing that all the time you get up a system.
But it was kind of crazy, and then it was going pretty good this morning, and the kids were real good.
And then I was going to get a new admin how to get her from the other unit, and the ducks came in.
It's all of his kids and what orders and every kid.
So I had all these. You change met orders, or add new stuff and assignments and stuff, so I had to take them all along.
So about 10 after 2 I would have gone there. Then I could do all the admit paperwork and stuff seem to go work out to me. I guess I had that I wanted it. Oh, you know how I get when my heart just beats through gas but not
that is at work usually. doesn't last room and it just can't have been kept up. You can't can't leave us where Harmon? because of that mom Where did you get that that's what you got to see there they shed
like in the day to you, have taken off for 24 h.
They wanted to. Would hers do that, stop and then get real fashion.
I mean she would just see that on life. Yeah, I mean it.
Just drive it to steal, actually things to your thyroid He Doesn't know she hasn't been and she's been eating probably the same, if not more.
Just her body. Just not doing well, so she's with that heart monitor. and Gordy said, You know they want to have a baby, you think.
Let's have sex not going to have our mother so Funny it's like we just use a reason. all this little baby came in and say about the moment he was a week and a half old.
She was. Her name was little Mattel, and she was soky. Yeah, well, like Madeline is your second rule, you know, and she shit her eyes up.
My project over at her second, her old love. She was so cute.
He was like such an old-fashioned name for a little baby doesn't it?
But on. She was just adorable, though, and she was so good the whole time definitely went anywhere out in public.
When you guys were a week and a half old I mean years and years ago, you just didn't do that try to keep babies home when they're exposing these germs but I think you still have to go with the lanky down yeah she's with that and the best
one officer. What do you have plans for tonight? Yeah, I think it's going out tonight almost called Karen to see if she wanted to take in a movie or something we do work and we need to deal with that great let me down, I
thought. Well, Dan and I are going to sunday morning. so I thought well, maybe i'll get some. We can step down, and that's pretty good, not honey, but has more water too this much. Well, we were sitting here and dad was in charge of
the food. Then I says, Well, what do you want to have?
And I still have some spaghetti sauce.
So excuse. Okay, I think there's just enough spaghetti sauce for little, and I out there if I take that, and I says no fine after they hunt on it.
They didn't want to spend all like cooking either so he said.
Well, I don't know what else I can take so I said well, why don't you?
I says that recipe is so easy I sat over here. Brune over Diane's and explain the recipe to him, and he stopped the story about the stuff because all you have to do is Brown some Hamburger and I'm using the
toss cans of stuff in the spices that would be good. Then they wouldn't have to to cookele it. Yeah, i'm having a lot of dishes and I used to be out and wide open as I talked to me going out
last night I was like we don't spend that time together.
I know I did that thing. I was like i'm like old file. I'm sorry I want to go off my friends every Saturday. Then with the girls.
Then it's like that's why it's Ok.
For them. We won't have any nights together so I see maybe once or twice a week, as it is, and I said.
But you know if you're the guy that's so important to you, then go online. i'm a sergeant girls on Saturday he was like that's fine then my fathers Won't be our
nightmare. Okay, as you wise, you know, I said, God forbid!
I go back to each other more than 2 nights a week, I said.
You know a relationship, you know. Gosh! if we see each other more than a chance to week, we might, You know that's not good for a relationship at all, I said.
We just should just talk on the phone a couple months a week and he's like, yeah as i'm being sarcastic to make my point.
He's like Oh, you're trying to make a point So I talked to him to go down this Friday, and he's like this isn't me every fight now is it?
And I said, No, just you know. Does it have to be stuck in still, that you have to other boys?
On Friday I was excited to go with all of our friends, you know, like a group of us.
I said we do that on saturdays. and I have no we have no ideas for the 2 of us.
I think that's what he's tried to avoid I was like, Yeah, I don't care if you go with the boys on Friday, but does it have to be every funny? Can it be like all of us once in a while so that we still can
have one night together, not every night. and everything it's like called Laura of it.
What glory do I do So I can't keep sure I just can watch movies.
She is. but I want to go out and she's like because I never got a tip in yankees because that expensive.
And I said, Well, you know, I said something like under $10 she's just mark just color.
But we don't have any money this week to pay the bills, and she's.
I told that we get paid next week, just based on the bills next week.
But he was like, Oh but do you have to kind of watch it for the red dress, the one so who's going to out with tonight?
Cushion, Laura. and then are you going out with just one tomorrow?
And hopefully, Well, you go out with kuchilor for your birthday.
Probably afterwards. I don't know I can help 9 o'clock, anyway. Monday, I mean you'll be in bed by that, I know.
And what else do you want your birthday, young lady? Do you want a cat?
No apply. I was going to be here. I mean Dad would be gone.
I'm not going to be here i'm like I want the Yoga.
No, we should just get one, for both of our birthdays.
Just have a nice dinner sometime during the week for both of our birthday, because I won't be here for mine.
Either. That would be here with my first wedding present What kind of person, would you say that'll be your press?
Why is that your wedding present and i'm like Oh, I'm going to say, Wow!
Why do you say it? Nothing had gone to go on a Friday night.
That's about all I can push it anything more than that But in fact, so, Laura, in kuwait is that we're on the zip and Yaki. though?
What are you just gonna do? Hang out watch movies and stuff.
Actually something really reasonable for it inexpensive. What?
Because of the E. we're going to grow in again?
No, but I need. What are you going to do that's inexpensive.
Go out to eat like where I don't know like we're going to brew or do some casual normal place.
Do I didn't want all this for hunting you can have a book of her dinner purpose. but there's a little left for you, and low it's like I don't know if your birthday is I don't feel like i'm not going to
be here on my birthday. Why is he apologizing to you?
How many years is it, Banson we used to always go on?
Might be like that. That's your present good helix remember that What time of my birthday we went out to dinner?
Just took his checkbook and stuff that that whole week yeah that's great.
That'll teach you maybe that's gonna be us and done it's like birthday is that some gigeria.
Now that's for would you just give me a small glass of juice, there's a big bottle of it down in that bottle rack There, that's already open and I drank out so you can just give me
that. And did you have more of that soup? Be anything left for your phone?
No to say. You put it to a boy. You turned it up and it boiled over, and soon came in measured.
What can be hungry for what I can do. Well, Tony was nerdy, because Amy had her with some teeth taken out.
You don't know they said her voice probably won't be back to normal ever.
I mean, she called Jenny Virginia this afternoon.
Who was to do venerable, I mean I her wisdom teeth her tonsils.
Oh, I was gonna say, man, I never give the wisdom teeth Yeah, didn't do anything for your voice you just talked to what you used to, as we say.
Amy flowers we're glad they go we call them Marshal. Fun calm!
How much you want to put out I don't know so What's What can you get a nice book? You have 25? Sure it's like bloody?
Oh, it comes out of the fun. Unsuccessful money for money is going away present.
They nimble up there, and I was asking him when we were going to get her for a new office.
She decorates her home in her office by Chinese and that this was really strange, because she's hispanic, you know, and and all.
When we went through our house all the oriental things and I says what letting needs is playing because she must play, but they die on her in her office if I wouldn't water me take care of him.
She wouldn't. have had any like so I said what about a nice either silk plant or one of the silk trees that would sit behind her desk.
Then you know I said that's very soon in which he's doing therapy and stuff, and that's a good idea, and he says you know Costco has some more reasonable ones silk warehouse and some of them and she's I think
that's a good idea that she can hurt real decorating.
She can do as she wants and performers we're her office?
Course she moved or is she still here. Well, no she's she's just going in with some of the doctors in the private practice.
So new counseling. Oh, she's gonna be the hospital though.
No, she's just moving up front to the front offices Oh, well, she's so steer instead you know the one doctor who lost his wife this summer on a vacation she's going to take over her practice.
Oh, because they're their therapy styles are quite similar, you know, all these patients, since the death was so sudden. all these patients were just kind of left on us because she's been filling in quite a bit and that just kind of made her
final decision, Because, she said, when she graduated from grad school that's what she wanted to do in 5 years have her own practice.
Use the that's scary to do oh, yeah it says so the opportunity the patients are there.
So it was a perfect opportunity, even though the circumstances are not the best to work in practice.
We went, and we said, amy flower she's staying with her mom.
Now she has to go watch, and then, we go we don't wish to send a Tony, or to 80, because even though they've fight like cats and dogs, anyway.
And then, when you're not feeling well and you know when Amy just glowed, goes off the hand look Cuz tony's no you know no buggy and nosey and like I don't know who we want
to send flowers because they're both going to drive me to the grace you're not the most pleasant person when you're sick.
No one is that's a thing but they don't get along. I mean that Well, you just don't listen to me.
I'm, the nurse and I tell you I always listen to you.
Do not who do not take You miss, do that sorry jenny went home, and they say nice, and ego buy some water.
She says it takes some liquid I said I don't want you going out all this week, would you say thank you, mother.
She was. i'm not what are the little kids too much things, I guess I can tell you what I did both sides of my tongue, so he sticks his tongue out of chosen.
Well, don't do that. he says and it hurts my kid, and I said, Well, don't do that it is one little kid who's been really having the problem. The other day.
He was tracking so well and I said well I says in the morning that if you track really well let me know, and i'll i'll get the sick.
I'll save that track, and sheet and give it to you You can have it then, and you can show your parents when they come.
He was so excited. The next morning I barely walked on the unit.
He screamed. Guess what? I tracked good all day long, and then I forgot to turn it in. So we still stayed on level.
Poor kid, so I says, but he was okay with that. but he says, I know I did really good, and I says, I know you did, too, and you can do good today.
So he did really good today also. but he was a little kid. the other day, before his mother came to visit physically worked himself up into such a state that he threw up 3 times before she came. Was he excited.
To see her didn't, want to see her well this is the new stepmother, and he's really excited. but he's just such a hyper, kid, and he gets involved in it.
Believe it, You have what your homework and stuff to do tomorrow.
Well, that would be good at diamond or out of here now, I don't have a lot because actually this week in my notes.
Of course it's pretty mellow but I find that whole division can like.
They finally call me back someone there by observation. I have to do there.
Oh, you already can do it, Not my students teaching my observation totally different.
Well, who sets that up? You were Well, you just send it up through the Education Department.
They have to call it approve. you to I mean they have to say you know. So you have 5 students coming using the names here, just having these weirdos coming, and said, Let's just observe your school you know it's a finally
duck. call me back it. I called wednesday and yesterday, and then you call me back.
You'll have this morning when I was to Indian so so when you start.
Then I go on Tuesday to meet him and to get it set up.
Then can you say his name I don't think that's how they told me.
Oh, Ok, so do you observe different teachers or one teacher?
I can pick, he goes, i'll introduce you to him and he goes, and you can pick and pick up what you want.
Then sitting in this Browns, and some of the other well you have to do English.
I don't know any English teacher now? but I mean you get bored?
Do that, I mean they watch it. if you can help you know maybe grade paper, or do with something. but it's also going to work for the teacher to find something that you can do, just being there an hour a week, or 2 h a week
so sometimes you can't Besides, you important I mean watching the same class for 20 h, a boring just sitting there. Yeah.
So I mean if you involve it it helps you plus and so it's past the time I tell mickey i'm like Nick.
I'm going to be in like tuesday she's like I don't care.
You just make your sketching? away. you just come and Go as you please. I don't care. I asked him, and I said, How do you got the phone?
I said i'd be there at 7 45 Dr.
Little mice. Oh, yeah, kathleen has since you're the one in charge, I said, i'm gonna be in late Tuesday's. Okay, and she's like yeah, that's a little bit she just leave me a
sticky. So I know. Yeah, and I go leave a sticky. and Tony.
So she thinks that you know we include her and things I ended up making because, like I don't care.
What is Christie teach there unless I heard she did. That was last year.
But You've got to English and you've got to see it just by how we just don't know what's going on at that school.
Why, what I said about that kid in the paper who's in the coma?
He's the star baseball player at bk you know that scholarship to you just want a getaway player of the year.
2 years ago. I think I thought it was his dad who was in the hospital.
No, it's him. he's a mom Oh, he by that drunk driver and his younger brother plays at Bk as a football game, and I guess the article was about you know how they're all doing all the
companies going to go to the game today, because sports are very important.
This family know they all used to go watch the older brother play baseball, and that's what he would want instead of having to be at the game, and the coach.
I think It's timber one of them said you know if you don't want to play that's fine if you don't want to.
If you get to go out of a play, you just do whatever.
But it was like there's a lot of pressure on this football Tv because yeah, I mean it's his dad.
Who's the field is dedicated to he wants to dedicate senior year to his dad memory of his dad because he was a star player, and they play cunein isn't that is that your
homecoming. No, because we usually lose a key. This creative we just put like pay yet, and we like beat every year for like 17 years.
And I think our senior year Junior Senior Year.
We lost to meet you yeah I was like Oh, God but then, I went to the game to figure out what's going on afterwards.
So it didn't really matter. Well, I never knew I can never tell you how to play.
You might be the ones that mattered i'll pick up the Jb.
Game. His gate team was Wednesday, though, so there, 2 and 5 and 2.
Now they want to lost you. Gaussian thing Well, I thought maybe that's what he was doing last night because we came by the stadium.
The football field and Bsu. The lights were on. Well, the seniors play.
They they have gaining the varsity has games Thursday and Friday, because they can't always get all the games in, especially when it gets dark. This early.
Now they have a lot more games in the most of schools don't have that you can play in voicing.
But they sure were a lot of people there but that was 7 o'clock.
I don't know what to the game started just coming Their games usually started 7 from Wednesdays.
But varsity yeah I don't know it starts at 7 7 7 There weren't a whole lot of it.
They'reupon made. me plan out of town team, too, and I know, Dad said they don't know why they have lights on yet, because it still was Yeah, we have to get them on so they can get it going and I thought
Maybe that was a sophomore I thought this game was at 445.
I don't have one f new game with this next Wednesday I found out as I was gonna go and watch this game afterward, you know, to get out for a run at 5.
Then go go to work and pop. I mean I gave a 7. I was like Oh, then my legs are kind of walking in.
That's a weird thing. no pediatric humidity.
She was what's wrong with her legs one that we're freaking out about it.
I said it was. it was freaky well that's something I called in the morning because I didn't want to go and wake you up and say, how really is I how he think they are my legs are 5 but I need some
more sleep, and so that luckily I remembered to call early enough. Otherwise it's going to call you work.
But then I thought that'd be kind of stupid i'd call you work if you didn't go to work. they'll say no, she's home sick to me i'm like what kind of mother, are you on the
same house. no, I mean we have different schedules.
But they're still kind of store like I can walk in there, and it's more of a flu.
So I think it was. If if you have an appetite or anything else like that, I think that's part of I mean I can be sick to not eat. Now, I've made up for it i'll say everything then I was like
all, because, you know, I had to go up the store and get the punch cups and stuff for the open house, and I mean everything looked good at this store, and she was 6.
But nothing but good to her, and I was like that looks good and i'm like.
No, no, I was like yesterday. after I got my car fixed I would took it in for maintenance thing, and it was a free one, because you told me, and the dad wanted to go get that oil for the fans. fans.
Is. Well, you go to that number of grocery store I was hungry there because this was 3 o'clock named breakfast at 8 o'clock.
Cancer group. Everything looked good. So $100 later that point on the grocer.
Then we went last night. How do you get stuff with this, dad?